Many times, our Dharma and ourself go in a separate direction. We started together as one, mingled
that, but then as we go in a path, as time goes, Dharma becomes kind of like Sai, and ourself
becomes a completely different Sai.
When that happened, then we are not going well, as we wished, as we started. And then, it's
completely separate. Therefore, connecting Dharma to our heart center, and ourself becomes as
Dharma.
And mingling Dharma is really so important with our mind streams, mind streams and ourself, and so
that ourself becomes like Dharma, Dharma, that's what we like to be.
What is Dharma, as you all know? I said so many times, and can't hear why they hear it, and we said
so many times.
So, Dharma is nothing but goodness of ourself. It's love, it's kindness, it's compassion, it's
understanding, thoughtful, as we discussed yesterday, thoughtful, mindfulness.
All those beautiful ingredients, that is Dharma. Make something of ourself happy, joy, peace, and
share that to the others. Have that attitude, have that ourself. Fill ourself out and in, and
between, everywhere in that state.
Then, ourself is a mongol with Dharma. That is what it is. And so therefore, this is so important.
Start with that beautiful attitude, and then we practice. We practice and say, "Yes, what?"
Practice is, start with that beautiful attitude, then deepening that practice is the practice. Drip
ening, more deepening, restatening, and glorifying, that is really practice.
And this is, then we have, in the Vedayana practice, we have true. In the Gyanarana speaking, is
the virtualization and the completion state practices.
The virtualization is the meditative aspect of ourself. Instantly, bring our hidden qualities,
nature, Buddha-nature, bring up completely in the state as what we are, and then see the
environment, everything in that state.
And that is, essence is, again, always in the Vedayana teaching said, the blessfulness of the great
emptiness.
Vedayana practice, Buddha-nature is blessfulness. Buddha-nature is open and relaxed. Bring that
instantly to our state, and then visualize according instructions, teaching.
That is the virtualization practices. And that is meditation truth. We have completely connected
our mind with that virtualization, with that meditation.
That is meditation. We are relaxed, resting, and staying in that state, not disturbed by all the
mundane habitual patterns.
And that is the most powerful, skillful means practices that immediately we lift up from the dual
ity world to the organ and nature of our states.
And that is known as the Vedayana skillful means practices. So that is the virtualization breathing
.
And then, complete state practices, is then known as completion state practices, dissolve, I think
the next one, as we call it.
But what is dissolved is duality. Duality, structure, holding, anything that is dissolved.
Where it is dissolved? It is dissolved in this case. Generally, everything is in the great
emptiness states, the transparent, lucid state.
But in our case, or the two kind of like, to explore the root of the nature, go with the root.
And that is the mind. So, all is dissolved into the mind. Mind started and dissolved back to the
mind.
And relaxing that state without any consumption, without any duality. And that is known as Zocchi
meditation.
Completion state is Zocchi meditation. Relaxing that status, in that original status, free from the
duality, free from the structure, free from any thought.
And relax and move forward with that. Relax, open, not holding, as is the arising different thought
and different energies in the mind.
We will let that go. Continually stay in the course. Course is natural and instant moment.
We stay continually in the course. Whatever the sidetrack came from the display of the mind, we are
not going to hold with the sidetrack.
Track or the energy, we stay in the center. And our cruise, cruise level. Cruise level, course, and
continually move that open state.
With joy, with relax, with nature, with happy, and continually. And peaceful, and natural.
And as great master his holy said, and in Zocchi teaching, he said, "Relax every senses.
We are not going to regulate the senses and try to do something manipulating with joy. Do this and
do that, or analyze that. We are going to relax."
And all those are sidetracks. Sidetracks when we are talking about the course of the nature.
It's a beauty, relax, and that's it. With this understanding, and then that practice is continually
to the external.
External, that is known as post-mediatric, external world, particularly this post-mediatric.
Post-mediatric we need to come. Then we discussed many times about samayas, vavas.
Those all are trips, all are instruction as I said so many times, and you've heard that so many
times from great masters.
Such as like Kintin, Roach, and Zocchi. You've heard that.
This is like all this. It's all tips. It's all instructions.
It is also tips of the way we are going this journey.
What kind of the science and the regulations of science will come up?
And what kind of like how we can move forward without distracted by those signs, signs, and labels
on the road.
We're not going to disrupt that with signs and labels. We're going to check that as tips of the way
we are driving.
We're going to use that as you all know.
These signs and regulations, speed in hours, all those, they didn't sidetrack us.
They didn't. They used that to smooth our light, safe drive, nice drive.
Similarly, these samayas, guidelines and all that, when we take this journey, there's all those
welcome.
Definitely welcome. We're not going to sidetrack, and distracted by the sidetracks.
Take those as precautions. Take those as expert instructions.
Take those as advice.
Take those as fit instructions of the experiences, hearing their journey to us, where they went.
And so that we can be as them and follow the footsteps, and then we reach to our destination with
these signs.
This journey is not outside, right? That you all know.
We're not taking journey outside. We're talking journey inwardly.
Discovering, exploring our beauty, our nature of the Buddha nature, that's what the Buddha taught.
From all the teachings, that is what we are discovering and exploring.
Exploring so that we become as Buddha, or we become the Buddha.
And becoming Buddha is not just also strange, or it is kind of alien that we're going to become.
We become true to what we are.
Presenting what we are is in one way, alien, ourself.
We're carried with the force of the duality.
We're hovering on the outskirts of the natural beauty.
We're just completely distracted with somewhere in the corner,
where we're not really experiencing and discovering richness of the Buddha, Buddha nature.
But practicing means we are exploring that,
and we're going to see whole panoramic world of the true nature's beauty as it is, as they.
That is the practice. Look at this Buddha chapter many.
We read the life story of the Buddha chapter many.
How he is drawn to the Earth.
How he is simple, or how he was simple.
How he is so normal, so thoughtful, so gentle, so peaceful, so accepting.
And then all those great masters, one after another, those great masters, they are great
practitioners.
They're not just become as great master came with that.
Because of that joy and devotion, courage and commitment, they become what we call great masters.
And when we see as great master them, how they are really drawn to the Earth, and how they are too
simple.
And how so? So just look at it.
This is what the Buddha. When we become Buddha or something, it's nothing changed.
We become the true beings, the nice, decent guys and girls.
Girls and girls, boys and girls. We become nice pokes.
Nice, really good pokes. Nice pokes.
That's what really when we become the Buddha, it's not something that alien or something distant.
And this is what really the practice is.
So when we move with this, then I'm not going to now talk too many, all these things.
We go move to the here, to the here.